Hi he I'm Dustin, welcome back to smarter every day. So there are many different types of
Information in the world? Thinking about it. If you're a good mechanic you may particularly dislike the voters
The smart key or if you are good with other people may intrapersonally smart.
Now this is unfortunate because today I am not intelligent in the study area.
We're going to have a look at the components of boxing hits then we'll use phantom to record
Some slow motion won boxing, which is crazy then we will use those
Data to study the physics of the mouth is actually do to produce
The sound we know is boxing blows. Now I'm not smart enough
I have to do this on my own so we have to go to meet someone smarter than I am.
I know this may not make sense, Flula. - Hello guys. Boom!
[Laughing] OK. So Flula is a German man
.. what to do .. music .. that's what you're doing. - Ya ya.
I would make win boxes episodes of techno, hip hop, stuff like that. Yes so here's the deal.
I love this channel because it's fun and it's no music and I do not really understand.
So I have agreed to give me a lesson in boxing strikes? - Absolutely.
So this is a pedal rings layer and I can create many loops
They are a layer layer higher layer. But if it can not
Bring these to this machine and I have 4 different paths to use
- What ? - Yeah. So you should show? - Yes please.
[Beat boxing] So here is a win.
And now let's make it inside here.
Ok so far, it's here.
He lives inside. Now let's add something right?
let's do it.
Prosperity. Pay attention to the bass.
Now maybe some songs sing, yes?
is not it ? - Yes OK OK OK. I understood, understood, understood.
- For me, I knew a lot of different boxers strikes things for me 3 things. There is a bass,
like this. Then you have like a trap,
Such as sticks, ambush drum. Such as a drum. - You ambush
So and I like me like .. like it.
Like other people .. - Ambush drum? [Laughing] - this trap
Then of course you have a high hat.
So put together ...
- Yeah. Obviously OK.
Obviously there is skill here so here is what we will do. I make trade with Flula.
I told him if he taught me how to overcome the box, I would create a slow motion video of his boxing blows.
This is what we will do. So I've got Miro here and what we have
Is it that we are going to look like your lips, are you OK? - let's do it.
De ... Do ...
Uh..
[Laugh]
I do not even think about it. Let's analyze this. Ok check it out. We have Flula here
Which is about to drop bass and have already called me spectral.
I've got the time in the X axis and must be in the Y axis, so watch this
Check it out. Wonderful colors.
Now brighter colors mean higher frequency at that particular time.
Now it seems that we have these dark vertical bars, it's like we have
Frequency within frequencies, and this is exactly what we have and this is very important.
This is called a bell. Let's play C2 note on the piano.
Now the same observation using triangle wave.
You will notice the basic frequencies select note
They are the same, but different inspirations. These are hints of how our minds are distinguished
Different tools. Bell is also known as sound or color
So think about the texture of the Flula drop bass. It actually has two different functions
Work together. The first one is the ordinary tone coming from the vocal cords. It's just
Normal looking sound wave. But the second thing is coming from his lips. When his lips slam
Close his mouth builds the back pressure until it's high enough to blow those lips back
The resonance frequency of this is determined by pressure in the mouth, flow rate
From the narrow air how he pushed his lips together. All of these tasks are combined to create
Unique voice signature. So if our slow mo notes are correct, you should be able to
See all these things in the spectral true? Yes, check it out
You can clearly see that the basic frequency of vocal cords has here,
And you can see that the lips is closing shut every 25ms and stop that air flow
Then you can see that the sound is up directly after the pressure
The mouth gets high enough to pop that the lips are open, and if you're looking really really close
You can even see the spots where his lip is closing again shut
So it is there for you. Boxers won not only men with good rhythm. They're actually a dynamic activity synthesizer
Which specializes in hegemony not only time domain, but also frequency
the field. Well I hope you got your subscription today because you learned something, but more
Most importantly I love you to check Flula and sign up with him. He did not hear me
I called him because we were in the same city and agreed to do so, and he has
The smaller canal but I think it is very clever and I think it is worth the chance
I'll leave some links here. He did the so-called car tunes, where he was driving
In the car he plays a full song by himself to take one
He is very intelligent and I am very impressed. So go check it out, those are probably my favorites
I will show you what to do with slow slashes,
Funny in itself. Anyway I'm Dustin, you're getting smarter every day
Be a good idea. You can do me an outro, and I'll use it at the end
the video ? - Yes, of course.
(Dustin) Thank you very much Flula. - Of course.